neighbors here at the tenant good of
course we couldn't pass up III without
coming to nintendo I'm standing here
with lilyc from Ubisoft right and
basically you have a little surprise for
us right you heard about all the crazy
zombie action going around right yes so
we just announced these new IP code
zombie you at you free number you is is
it kind of like the guy in from Miami
you know you play the game and we're
sending over a shit you want to start
eating people's faces on the freeways
actually no no L qpdh every night view
but we have a conf each other in this
game that you might have seen at the
knee turn the conference where you can
actually put your face in the game you
will scan your face and put your face in
the game and become easier survivor but
also when you die turn into a zombie
which is a pretty cool new feature so
let me get this straight so basically
it's a zombie survival game right we had
to survive but then you become azami if
you die yeah exactly if you die you get
you get bitten and you get infected and
you have these black veins coming on
your body and you become a zombie you do
get the play at just ami your zombie
self after that or no no you get to kill
him actually so the cool part is you die
you see you you're going to see you get
every replay it's going to be rebuilt
with a new survivor and the first thing
you're gonna do is try to kill your
previous character who is now a zombie
to get back your backpack your
progression and continue the adventure
so there's a brand new class some trippy
stuff like some outer body experience
that it is so you say it's gonna be a
launch title right yeah it's gonna be a
lunch line only do we went around what
time it depends on Nintendo but say I
try to seek that out you see Eric
winning today we didn't get 18 students
and all the way you launch but you know
I figured the game's time frames but end
of the day I suppose yeah that's good to
know so this is a fully interactive unit
wright with a with the act of zombie you
game i was looking at that you had like
look down at the unit yeah so what do
you as you can see is we always have
something on the new coat runs a gamepad
screen we always what we try to do is to
create tension and fear using the two
screens so why you will be looking on
your controller and inside your
inventory a while you will be
canning you won't see what's happening
on the TV so that's a choice you have to
make and you're like your look is going
to go back and forth between the two
screen and it's what's going to create
fian tension in this game so like you're
looking at something that's really
intense going on all i see that and now
i feel that i screen so it's not like
your way the game is not posed so it's
still happening in real time so i look
in my backpack I'm actually really
looking inside my backpack meaning i'm
not looking everywhere around and I can
get attacked so that i can get attacked
some 20 sudden somebody come lad you
looking for some hearts to bring exactly
wow that's pretty cool and I really like
that so it's a full one player
experience action adventure yet so Sulu
we are looking at 12 14 hours of
gameplay is again takes place in London
in 212 and we're sort of pretty cool
stories i'm not going to go too much
into detail but we have a limey the
bottom line is you don't need I these
have your solemn easy baby yeah you have
this allow you to shoot zombies yeah
that's all I've Aloha French zombies get
this witness it kill fresh haha no
Frenchman need to kill British zombies
alright well thanks so much log man i'm
looking forward to zombie you yeah it's
examinees i mean both of us zombies all
right man watch out the face face
spiders in here